feat(ethtool): Possibility to skip gathering metrics for downed interfaces (#12087)
influxdata/telegraf: plugins/inputs/ethtool/README.md

  ## List of interfaces to ignore when pulling metrics.
  # interface_exclude = ["eth1"]

>   ## Specifies plugin behavior regarding metrics for downed interfaces.
>   ## Available choices:
>   ##   - expose: Telegraf will expose all available metrics for downed interfaces
>   ##   - skip: Telegraf will not expose all available metrics for downed interfaces
>   # interface_down_metrics = "expose"

Reviewer: Some bike-shedding on the option name and descriptions, otherwise this is probably good:

```suggestion
  ## Plugin behavior for downed interfaces
  ## Available choices:
  ##   - expose: collect & report metrics for down interfaces
  ##   - skip: ignore interfaces that are marked down
  # down_interfaces = "expose"
```
